not
the
hello my name is thierry nephew I
am teaching director of a center
driving training and the
nuclear security we will see
today how to position well
on the roadway in traffic well
position on the floor is no
just do not bother others do not
to surprise but it's also
respect each other's place
will see that there are places
specific for certain categories
users a certain category of
vehicles and that to position oneself on the
pavement is not only occupy his
place on the road
but it's when you change places
try to communicate with others
users
to position yourself on the road
in a general way we will roll some
right side of the roadway
it is the meaning and the place of circulation
the most common on all roads
two-way but also on
roads we will be double-headed
same one way where there are several
way
when this way is available it
always choose the most
right
the same way when we arrive on
a roundabout and we see the right or
all right we will be well positioned
on the right
if there is no vehicle that I have here
so I liked that such a case
and I sit well right always
that we will remain in normal circulation
will always stay on the box
tomorrow when the voice is wide
we're going to be able this center is a little bit
more about seeing it is no use of
absolutely graze sidewalks or so the
way across the street we try to
center on the way that also allows
to tell others we're fine
continue straight on his sock
when we are sure we know if we decide
to change direction
we will be squeezing ourselves forever on knowing
on the side we are going to want to change
direction
for example if we will turn left
so I'm going to shake myself to the left of
twenty or even g before watching if there
had nobody
and of course justiniac I'm using the
left side of my voice but I'm
always on the same track when the
pavement is narrower or with very
little visibility
on the other hand, it has remained more
right possible reduce blue week in
effect of vehicles can come in front
as there can be obstacles like
this is the case here
you have to be very gentle
clear without getting on bottom
and immediately take back the side
right of the floor so sometimes in
agglomerations where the roadway is
separated and shared to be able to
accommodate different categories
users like here for example or
reserved lanes for cyclists
the marking on the ground is recognizable
easily since it is wider and
narrower than normal marking it is
what are called reserved lanes the
reserved lanes like this one we can
so find for both wheels so
the bikes for the nozzles for the
slow vehicles you have to know
today what motorist are
not the only users of the
especially in the
agglomerations there are more and more
users of different categories
we can thus mention the pedestrians the
bicycles the two motorized wheels the
public transport heavy goods vehicles
but also rollers etc etc
so we try to make sure that
everyone can have his place to be
safe to move
also as he wishes
the departure route and the street are not
reserved only for cars
so be placed correctly on the
pavement is taking into account all
categories of users for them to
are all safe to position themselves
on the pavement is one of the elements
that you have to know to be able to
drive safely
so it's an event that needs to be
know when we pass the code of the
road
we'll see in an upcoming video
how to prepare for this
test of the highway code